README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - IP address tracker solution

## Vite + React + Sass/Scss

This is a solution to the [IP address tracker challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/ip-address-tracker-I8-0yYAH0).

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)


## Overview

### The challenge

Your challenge is to build out this IP Address Tracker app and get it looking as close to the design as possible. To get the IP Address locations, you'll be using the [IP Geolocation API by IPify](https://geo.ipify.org/). To generate the map, we recommend using [LeafletJS](https://leafletjs.com/).

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for each page depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- See their own IP address on the map on the initial page load
- Search for any IP addresses or domains and see the key information and location

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)


### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Vite.js](https://vite.org/) - Local dev server
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - For styles

**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### What I learned

Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.


### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.


### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.


## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Sarah-okolo](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/sarah-okolo)
- Twitter - [@SarahOke](https://www.twitter.com/sarah-pkolo)

Commit message:

Refactor styles and project setup

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - IP address tracker solution

## Vite + React + Sass/Scss

This is a solution to the [IP address tracker challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/ip-address-tracker-I8-0yYAH0).

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)


## Overview

### The challenge

Your challenge is to build out this IP Address Tracker app and get it looking as close to the design as possible. To get the IP Address locations, you'll be using the [IP Geolocation API by IPify](https://geo.ipify.org/). To generate the map, we recommend using [LeafletJS](https://leafletjs.com/).

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for each page depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- See their own IP address on the map on the initial page load
- Search for any IP addresses or domains and see the key information and location

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)


### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://github.com/Sarah-okolo/FEM-rest-countries-api-with-color-theme-switcher)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://track-that-ip.netlify.app/)

## My process

- Created new Vite + React project.
- Installed Sass as a dependency.
- Initialized git repo and pushed project to GitHub.
- Created general styles for the app.
- Deployed project to live site in Netlify.
- 

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Vite.js](https://vite.org/) - Local dev server
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - CSS pre-processor

**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### What I learned

Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.


### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.


### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.


## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Sarah-okolo](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/sarah-okolo)
- Twitter - [@SarahOke](https://www.twitter.com/sarah-pkolo)
